(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] For this code challenge,
use your knowledge of channel implementation types
to refactor the direct-channel instance
that we built in an earlier lesson
into a published subscribed channel instance.
This way we can consume the same channel broadcast messages
by two different subscribers.
Let's look at the challenge specs
and implementation hints in the source code.
After updating your file view to this current lesson
by using get checkout 02_04b,
you will see a Read Me file
that lays out the parameters of this challenge.
In the root of your repository,
you will see a file called Code Challenge 02_04.MD.
There you will find instructions for what we're doing,
naming the files that should be changed,
the line numbers where the hints and instructions are at,
and what you can do to see if you've been successful.
So good luck with this challenge.
I will see you in the next video
with my suggestions for one way to solve this.